8/8/2021
    Create repository via GitHub website
    Create local folder and file, initiate local repository
        Command: git init
    Initial commit
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "Initial commit."
    Link to remote repository
        Command: git remote add origin https://github.com/SteveHoneck/gitTest.git
                git branch -M main
                git push -u origin main

8/10/2021
    2nd commit
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "2nd commit."
        Command: git push

    Create new branch, check it out
        Command: git checkout -b branch-1
    
    1st commit to branch-1 and push to remote repository
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "1st commit, branch 1."    
        Command: git push -u origin branch-1

    2nd commit to branch-1 and push to remote repository
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "2nd commit, branch 1."    
        Command: git push -u origin branch-1 <!--Did not need the '-u origin branch-1', that is only needed for the first push of a branch to a remote repository.-->

    3rd commit to branch-1 and push to remote repository
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "3rd commit, branch 1."    
        Command: git push 

At this point, there are 2 branches on GitHub. Main branch is at "2nd commit." and branch-1 is at "3rd commit, branch 1." 
Went to '<> Code' tab on GitHub, clicked the '[branchSymbol] 2 branches' link and clicked '[symbol] New pull request' on 'branch-1'. 
Put info in the pull request title and 'Write' tab, clicked 'Create pull request'. 
Clicked 'Close pull request' (to see how it worked) and pull request was closed. 
Clicked re-open pull request, then clicked the "Merge pull request, Create a merge commit" and "Confirm merge". 
Then clicked "Delete branch" after merge was complete.

At this point, 'branch-1' is deleted, and main branch has all the changes from branch-1, and main branch is the only branch.

    Switch back to editing on main branch.
        Command: git checkout main
        Command: git branch
            branch-1
            * main

The local repository is still showing both branch-1 and main. branch-1 has been deleted on the remote repository, but should also be deleted on the local repository.

    Delete branch-1 from local repository
        Command: git branch -d branch-1
            warning: deleting branch 'branch-1' that has been merged to
            'refs/remotes/origin/branch-1', but not yet merged to HEAD.
            Deleted branch branch-1 (was ba6fa10).

Not sure what the warning is about, branch-1 had a pull request and was merged into main branch.

The local repository now only shows main branch.

Tried to save all the above typed in but could not, VSCode threw a save error for everything that was after line 17. When I switched to main branch, the file I had open in VSCode did not reflect the main branch with the pull/merge of branch-1 but I continued to type notes in the file, so that must have caused the conflict.

    Pull what is on the remote main branch into the file I had open in VSCode
	    Command: git pull

File open in VSCode now reflects remote main branch (lines 18-35 show up) and everything after (36-78) show up as new additions.


Saved all the above edits (lines 36-78), commit to main branch, and push to remote repository via commands below.

    3nd commit (main branch)
        Command: git add .
        Command: git commit -m "3rd commit."
        Command: git push
